Update contribution guidelines (#66)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: doc/docs/development/requirement-tracing.md

# Requirement tracing

## Introduction

> The Eclipse Ankaios project provides requirements tracing using the [OpenFastTrace](https://github.com/itsallcode/openfasttrace) requirement tracing suite. The dev container already includes the required tooling. To generate a requirement tracing report call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Eclipse Ankaios project provides requirement tracing using the [OpenFastTrace](https://github.com/itsallcode/openfasttrace) requirement tracing suite. The dev container already includes the required tooling. To generate a requirement tracing report call:
```

```shell
tools/generate_oft_html_report.sh
```

> Afterwards the HTML report is available in `build/req/req_tracing_report.html` showing the current coverage state..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Afterwards the HTML report is available under `build/req/req_tracing_report.html` and shows the current coverage state.
```

Author: OK

> For details on the OpenFastTrace tool, please consult the [user documentation](https://github.com/itsallcode/openfasttrace/blob/main/doc/user_guide.md) or execute `oft help`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For details on the OpenFastTrace tool, please consult [OFT's user documentation](https://github.com/itsallcode/openfasttrace/blob/main/doc/user_guide.md) or execute `oft help`.
```

Author: OK

## Adding requirements

Eclipse Ankaios traces requirements between 

* Design (`**/doc/README.md`)
* Implementations (`**/src/**`)
* Tests (`**/src/**`, `tests/**`)

So for new features 

* New requirements need to be added in the design or existing requirements need to be modified (type `swdd`)

> * Mark the parts in the source code that actually implement the design requirement (type `impl`)
> * Mark the tests that test the design and implementation (type `utest`, `itest` or `stest`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Mark the parts in the source code that actually implement the design requirement using the type `impl`, e.g., `// [impl->swdd~this-is-a-requirement~1]`
* Mark the tests that check the implementation of the design with one of the types `utest`, `itest` or `stest` depending on the type of the test, e.g., `// [utest->swdd~this-is-a-requirement~1]` for a unit test
```
